well howdy there internet people it's
bow-gun so tonight we're gonna talk
about another one of those false ideas
one of those things that everybody
believes is true but may not be if you
actually sit down and look at it happens
a lot when something just gets repeated
over and over and over and over and over
and over again eventually people will
start to believe it and that is
definitely what has happened here if
you're a Republican if you're a Second
Amendment supporter you need to watch
this whole thing no matter how painful
it is for you okay so this particular
belief is widely held among older
Republicans who think they support the
Second Amendment who's a defender of the
Second Amendment while Donald J Trump of
course
all right maybe but in order to test
that theory we need to have somebody to
compare them to so let's compare them to
gun grab our Obama who else seems fair
let's start with a quote you get to
guess as to who it is
I generally oppose gun control but I
support the ban on assault weapons and I
also support a slightly longer waiting
period to purchase a gun is that Trump
or Obama that is Donald J Trump
well he's changed a lot since then that
was a while ago
maybe maybe maybe that's true how does
he feel about suppressors I don't like
the quote signaled support for banning
them signaled support for universal
background checks did ban bump stocks
bragged listen less we've increased
federal firearm prosecutions by 44
percent compared to the last two years
of the previous administration this is a
record a new record it is a new record
it is but the previous record holder was
not Obama it was Bush
yeah man that's a lot to swallow that's
hard right there just just up to this
point but there's more I know what
you're saying well Obama did all that
stuff with NYX if you're outside the gun
crowd NYX is the system for background
checks he did that's true
that is true so that's a mark against
him but that's not surprising because
Obama got an F from the Brady Campaign
Trump took effort thing Obama did and
they want to step further with the fix
NEX act I think the only part of the
Nick stuff that Obama did that Trump got
rid of was the Social Security office
having to report people who have were
adjudicated mentally incompetent so they
could buy a gun because that seems like
a great idea
well Trump released all those em once
and 1911's as military surplus weapons
put those on the civilian market for us
he did he did do that and those weapons
were authorized for release by President
Obama Obama also allowed Amtrak
passengers to bring their guns with them
allowed firearms into national parks
it's crazy it's almost like what you
believe is just because it was repeated
not because it's true
President Obama expanded gun rights he
wasn't a gun grabber he does not deserve
that title Trump on the other hand well
take the guns first to worry about due
process second quote it's funny because
that's kind of fill about impeachment in
peach first worry about due process over
in the Senate during the trial his
stance on guns is a lot like him saying
that he's Florida man now he lives in
Florida we all know he's a New Yorker
and when it comes to gun control he's a
New York liberal anyway it's just a
fault y'all have a good night